Add eval scripts for memory, latency and quality (#2943)
pytorch/ao: .github/scripts/torchao_model_releases/README.md

# Scripts for torchao model release and eval

Note: all commands below are run in directory: `.github/scripts/torchao_model_releases/`

## Release
### default options
By default, we release FP8, INT4, INT8-INT4 checkpoints, with model card pre-filled with template content, that can be modified later after we have eval results.

Examples:
```
# Note: first login with `huggingface-cli login`, the quantized model will be uploaded to
# the logged in user

# release with default quant options (FP8, INT4, INT8-INT4)
./release.sh --model_id Qwen/Qwen3-8B

# release a custom set of quant options
./release.sh --model_id Qwen/Qwen3-8B --quants INT4 FP8
```

### AWQ-INT4

> After eval for INT4 checkpoint is done, we might found some task has a large accuracy drop compared to high precision baseline, in that case we can do a calibration for that task, with a few samples, tasks are selected from [lm-eval](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-eval\uation-harness/blob/main/lm_eval/tasks/README.md). You can follow [new task guide](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness/blob/main/docs/new_task_guide.md) to add new tasks to lm-eval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After eval for INT4 checkpoint is done, we might find some task have a large accuracy drop compared to high precision baseline, in that case we can do a calibration for that task, with a few samples, tasks are selected from [lm-eval](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-eval\uation-harness/blob/main/lm_eval/tasks/README.md). You can follow [new task guide](https://github.com/EleutherAI/lm-evaluation-harness/blob/main/docs/new_task_guide.md) to add new tasks to lm-eval.
```

Author: modified locally

Examples:
```
# release AWQ-INT4 model, calibrated with a specific task
# with some calibration_limit (number of samples)
python quantize_and_upload.py --model_id Qwen/Qwen3-8B --quant AWQ-INT4 --push_to_hub --task bbh --calibration_limit 2
```

## Eval

> After we run the release script for a model, we can found the new models in the huggingface hub page for the user, e.g. https://huggingface.co/torchao-testing, the models will have a model card that's filled in with template content, such as information about the model and eval instructions, there are a few things we need to fill in, including 1. peak memory usage, 2. latency when running model with vllm and 3. quality measurement using lm-eval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we run the release script for a model, we can find new models in the huggingface hub page for the user, e.g. https://huggingface.co/torchao-testing, the models will have a model card that's filled in with template content, such as information about the model and eval instructions, there are a few things we need to fill in, including 1. peak memory usage, 2. latency when running model with vllm and 3. quality measurement using lm-eval.
```

> After we run the release script for a model, we can found the new models in the huggingface hub page for the user, e.g. https://huggingface.co/torchao-testing, the models will have a model card that's filled in with template content, such as information about the model and eval instructions, there are a few things we need to fill in, including 1. peak memory usage, 2. latency when running model with vllm and 3. quality measurement using lm-eval.

Reviewer: are memory and latency measures are only with vllm? what about int8-int4 models?

### Run All Evals
The simplest is just to run all three evals. Please check out `Run Single Evals` section to make sure the environment is setup correctly. This includes:
1. install vllm from source and set `VLLM_DIR` to the soruce directory of vllm

> 2. install lm-eval

Reviewer: same here

```
sh eval.sh --eval_type all --model_ids Qwen/Qwen3-8B,pytorch/Qwen3-8B-INT4
```

Summarize results
```

> sh summarize_results.sh --model_ids Qwen/Qwen3-8B,pytorch/Qwen3-8B-INT4

Reviewer: Shouldnt eval.sh already do this?
